(Crowd cheering)
[BOY 1]
All right, Class 3!
Let's get 'em!
The box in front of
the goal is open! Huh?!
(Angry growl)
My name is Takeo Goda.
And I must protect this goal!
[BOY 3]
You can't put Goda
in front of the goal!
That's totally not fair!
[BOY 2]
You can't even see the goal!
[BOY 4]
Holy farts! Look how fast he is!
Uhh...
Mm-hmm!
AGGHH!
HUURGGH!
[BOY 1]
Get outta the way!
(All screaming)
AH! URGH!
(Referee whistles)
(Crowd cheers)
♪Opening song♪
[GIRL 1]
The boys team is advancing
to the finals!
[GIRL 2]
All right! Not bad!
[GIRL 3]
They'll be going up against
a bunch of older guys.
Look at their
keeper. He's huge!
He's so big, I don't even
know where to shoot.
I don't know if we'll
be able to score.
(Whistle blows)
[ANNOUNCEMENT]
And the winner is: Class 1-6!
Congratulations!
(Crowd cheers)
We were pretty much defeated
before the game even started...
Using Goda shouldn't
even be allowed...
No way! It was a team
effort, you guys.
(Girls cheering)
Hm?
You were fantastic!
Well done, Takeo!
Congratulations!
Ms. Yamato...
I wonder what she's
doing right now.
I hope she's alright.
(Phone jingles)
Huh?
[RINKO]
Takeo, how are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
Today, the girls were
gonna go ice skating.
If you're not busy,
you should come, too!
And bring your friends along.
Guess she IS fine. Well good,
cause I'm doing fine, too.
Hey, guys! Anybody
wanna go ice skating
with a whole
bunch of girls?
Aw yeah!
We have clean-up.
And it's my turn to go!
I have to work, but I
can always call in sick.
Oh! I'm sick, too!
Me, too!
Mm-hmm... Uh?
You know I don't
like cold places.
I think you'll be fine.
I've never been ice skating
before in my life.
Yeah. Me, neither.
[RINKO]
Takeo! Sorry to
keep you waiting!
[TAKEO]
It's okay, I haven't
been here long.
I hope I'm doing this right.
WHOA! WAAAHH!
HMM!
Holy crap!
Look at that guy?
Did he just do a triple axel?
[GIRL]
Check him out!
It's like he's evolving as a
species before our very eyes.
[RINKO]
Takeo!
Here. Hold onto me.
Huh? Alright.
AHH!
Just take it slow.
You said this was your first
time to go ice skating.
How are you so good
at it already?
[TAKEO]
Just put one foot in front
of the other. That's good!
[MOMOTA]
Thank God. I'm freezing!
[KURIHARA]
You want something to drink?
I'm gonna go to
the concession stand.
Mmm... What do they have?
Oh! Well, why don't we go
together and find out?!
Right this way, milady.
[NANAKO]
Ugh...
(Scratching sounds)
What's the matter?
Going from the cold ice into
the warm locker room's
given me pins and needles!
My thighs are all tingly!
I love her!
Oh. Hey, uh...
Didn't someone give you
a business card earlier?
Right, maybe they're scouting
him for a hockey team!
That would be
freakin' awesome!
[FUDO]
Or maybe a figure skater!
You're gonna be in the Olympics!
No, no. None of that
was on purpose.
I was just trying to turn around
and lost my balance
like a goofball... Uh...
Ah!
[RINKO]
That was really fun!
And again: I'm sorry
we were late today.
I had to retake my kanji test.
You been having
trouble with kanji?
Oh no, I'm actually
rather good at it, but...
But I accidentally skipped
a problem in the middle,
and that made all of the rest
of my answers off by one spot.
So wouldn't there be one
blank left over at the end?
There was, but I just thought
they left the last one open.
So, you didn't think
much of it, did you?
Yeah. I was just ready
for it to be over.
[RINKO]
You might not know this,
but Rinko is one of the
smarter kids in school.
[AYU]
She takes it very seriously.
[KOJIMA]
More than me,
that's for sure.
Oh yeah? Suna's a
smarty-pants, too.
(Squealing)
Of course he is!
What about you, Takeo?
I'm in the middle.
Oh, okay... That's not
a bad place to be.
Well, maybe a little
below the middle.
[KURIHARA]
So, we had our
soccer tournament.
We put Goda in
as goalkeeper.
And of course, with him in
there, they couldn't score,
so we won the whole thing!
How cool!
Oh shoot, I sure do wish I
could have seen you in action.
I bet you were all
hot and dreamy, huh!
(Nervous laugh)
You must be really
good at anything
when it comes to sports!
He sucks at
basketball.
(Laughing)
He's pretty awful!
His defense is awful.
He falls for every move.
It's really
embarrassing, actually!
[SUNA]
He can't really
dance, either.
[KURIHARA]
Totally!
(All laughing)
Sometimes...
Hm?
Sometimes I wish we were
both at the same school.
Bye! See you later, guys!
[TAKEO]
The same
school, huh...
[RINKO]
Takeo, what college do
you want to go to?
I don't know.
I haven't really put all
that much thought into it.
What about you?
What are you thinking?
Well, so far...
I'm starting to lean towards
Murasakifuji University.
But depending on where you end
up, I could change my mind.
I'd love it if we went
to the same college.
The same college...
That way, I'd be able
to see you be all
hot and handsome
all the time!
You might not know this,
but Rinko is one of the
smarter kids in school.
You know what?
There's no need for you
to change the college
you want to go to.
What? But, Takeo...
It just means that
I have to study harder.
I'll do whatever it
takes to catch up.
Then we can both go to
whatever college you choose!
Hm. But, Takeo...
Don't worry about it!
Leave it to me!
I still have two more years
to get my grades up.
I can do it!
Takeo!
[TAKEO]
From this day forth,
I will study every day!
I will be the
smartest man alive!
I'd love it if we went
to the same college.
(Echoing)
The same college...
HMM! HAARGH!
GRRR!
(Growling)
(Whimpering)
Suna!
I'm coming in!
And I have a favor
to ask of you...
GUH!
What is it?
I want you to
help me get into
Murasakifuji University.
Huh?!
Please!
Look, I'm glad you want my help
with something so serious...
But it's impossible for
you to attend Murasakifuji.
Look, Suna, I know I've
only really studied the
night before each test but...
Why do you want to
go there anyway?
Because that's where
Ms. Yamato wants to go.
Yeah? I figured she'd
end up going to a culinary
or baking academy.
And she told me that she'd
switch depending on whatever
college I end up going to.
Ah.
That's really nice
of her and all,
but I can't let
her do that.
I don't want her
to change her plans,
so you see what
I have to do.
(Chuckle)
Right. Understood.
Let's start with some
English first then, 'kay?
(Gasp)
No matter your major, you'll
need English either way.
Thank you, Suna!
(Chuckles and clears throat)
I'm happy to help.
Now then, how about
some basic vocabulary?
Yeah, bring it on!
Define the word "obtain."
(Grunting)
Gimme that stuff!
(Snicker)
Yeah, something
like that.
Yes!
Okay, "escape."
I'm sneaking away...
(Stifles laugh)
Mm-hm, that's good.
And, "forget."
(Comically)
I, uh... can't remember.
Yeah, that's...
that's absolutely right...
(Laughing)
(Cell phone jingles)
Hm?
Oh, it's Ms. Yamato.
[RINKO]
Takeo. Even if Murasakifuji
isn't an option,
Aobeni University and
Matcha University are nearby.
I'm focusing on the liberal
arts division of the local
private colleges.
You know, there's going to be
a mock benchmark exam soon.
It might be a bit early,
but if you want to take it,
then I'll take it too.
You wanna take it together?
Uh, what are my chances
with Aobeni and Matcha?
Well they won't be easy,
but more realistic than
Murasakifuji.
You'd have a much better
chance with those two.
(Sigh)
Okay then...
Murasakifuji it is!
OOHHH!
(Screaming)
Alrighty. If that's what
you really wanna do.
The benchmark exam, huh?
I say we should
focus on that for now.
I'm gonna crush it!
Easy. You're very loud.
[KURIHARA]
Hey Goda! Let's get outta here!
Shhh...
(Boys scream)
Are you kidding?!
Goda is studying?
Suna, I'm struggling here.
I'm not seeing my
enemy's true form.
I want to grab ahold of it
and punch it in the face,
but I can't even get figure
out where it's going!
Can't punch it in the
face, my man. Here.
First, you have to
look it in the eye.
How many enemies
are there?!
Suna... please come
over to my place.
And whenever I'm freaking out,
remind me of Ms. Yamato.
Hm?!
[YURIKO]
Oh, hello there, Sunakawa.
Come on in.
[SUNA]
Thank you, ma'am.
(Yuriko sighs)
(Breathing exercises)
(Takeo growls)
[SUNA]
Rinko.
Huh?
Mwooh!
[SUNA]
Yamato.
UGH!
Rinko Yamato.
GUUHH!
(Doorbell)
Coming!
(Grunting and groaning)
Why is math so stupid?
We should take a break.
It won't beat me!
[RINKO]
I'm sorry for just
popping over.
Oh!
[YURIKO]
It's fine, it's fine!
Get up! That girl's
here again.
Hm?
Hey, Takeo!
Ms. Yamato?!
You said in your text that
you were going to be studying,
so I decided to make
you some chocolate.
Thought you could use
fuel for your brain.
Oh, I didn't actually
make it from cocoa.
But I did make chocolate.
But I just didn't make
the chocolate from the
cocoa beans, you see.
Haha! What am I
even talking about?
I'm gonna make some tea.
You make yourself at home.
Son, I need your help
in the kitchen.
[TAKEO]
Sure, Mom.
Uh, thank you!
Take...
Yeah?
Is that girl
your girlfriend?
Uh-huh.
MMMMM!
(Angels cheering)
Oh dear! This tea will
simply not do at all!
I'm just going to run down to
the grocery store real quick!
I'll be right back!
Mom! You still need my help?
[YURIKO]
No! I'll be right back.
(Door opens)
[BOTH]
Hm?
Where'd your mom go?
She went out to
get some tea.
What?! She's going out
of her way to...?
Oh my gosh.
She didn't have to!
I mean, I wasn't even
going to come!
(Groan)
I don't believe this.
I was already nervous enough
just talking to her!
I kinda told her you
were my girlfriend.
Huh? O-oh.
Sorry. Does that
make you mad?
Oh no. It makes me happy.
Well now... Studying can
be a good thing after all.
Oh! This world history textbook
is the same as my school!
Oh, and that's my
math book, too!
That's so cool!
Anything you need to memorize,
you can study on your own.
(Knocking)
Hello there, my dear.
Do you like black tea?
Um, yes.
It's one of my favorites!
Thank you so much!
[YURIKO]
Here you go, sweetie.
Where'd that
fancy cup come from?
Better than she
ever gives me.
Please make
yourself at home.
Thank you! Um, I didn't tell
my parents that I'd be late,
so I'll probably need to
be going after the tea.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Well that's a shame.
Be sure to walk her home, son
Now don't push yourself
too hard, okay?
Huh?
Look, I know what we were
talking about the other day.
About how nice it would be
if the two of us went to the
same school and everything.
But even if we didn't end
up going to the same place,
I'm sure that we could
make it work out.
Yeah, of course.
We could totally make it work.
I just want us to be together.
Whatever that takes.
Oh?
But y'know! It'll be better
if we're together!
So let's do our best
on this test, okay?
You got it!
I know we can do it!
I'm gonna study
this weekend,
so if you're free,
come on over!
Yeah! Sounds like a plan!
[TAKEO]
As long as she is by my side,
anything is possible.
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato's coming
over tomorrow.
[YUTAKA]
Hm? Who's that?
It's a girl, hon.
Our son has a girlfriend.
(Yutaka chokes)
A girlfriend?
What's she like?
She seems nice.
[YUTAKA]
Well th-that's fantastic!
I'd given up hope!
[TAKEO]
Daaad!
(Snoring)
(Door opens)
(Water splashing)
Huh?
(Scary screech)
Mm...
(Yuriko scrubbing)
Mom? What are you doing?
Oh, sorry. Did I
wake you up, son?
I couldn't sleep. Not with
this place in such a state.
Go back to bed.
(Grumbling)
Huh?
Hmm...
(Yutaka singing)
♪La-la-la-la-la♪
(Twinkle)
[TAKEO]
What the...?
My parents are
all dressed up.
They never wear
this kinda stuff.
Let's see, where
should I put this?
Over here. No, no, here.
(Doorbell)
Huh?
[YURIKO] Ah! She's here!
Oh?
Hello! It's so
good to see you again!
[RINKO]
Oh, uh, thanks.
The place looks fantastic.
[TAKEO]
I told Mom you were coming by,
so she cleaned up a bit.
Oh, wow! Really...?
I feel a little bad. But
I'm also kinda flattered.
Have a seat
wherever you want.
Thanks!
All right,
shall we do this?
Yeah. I'm gonna get
started with my own stuff.
I'll be super quiet
and make no distractions
for 30 minutes!
Sounds good.
Starting now!
Great, here we go!
(Knock on door)
[YUTAKA]
Hey, kids, you have a minute?
I just realized I hadn't
introduced myself.
I'm your boyfriend's father.
Oh, yes! I'm Rinko!
It's nice to meet you.
Heard you've been taking
real good care of my boy.
Yes! Oh, no, we take
care of each other!
Just keep doin'
what you're doin'.
Sure!
Alrighty.
(Sigh)
Oh my God!
I thought you looked
like your mom,
but you and your dad are
like, clones or something!
Oh yeah?
Okay, our 30 minutes
starts now.
Go!
You two kids hungry?
Ah!
Sweetie, are you a fan
of rice crackers?
Uh yeah... And I brought along
some sweet stuff of my own,
so that'll be great!
Now we can have
salty AND sweet.
[YURIKO]
Oh, my! Did you
make those yourself?
They are delightful!
Oh, they're so moist .
So how long have you
been dating my boy? Huh?
[TAKEO]
Mom! We are trying
to study here! Jeez!
(Both sigh)
You a fan of golf
by any chance?
Oh, well I, uh...
My father watches it
at home a little bit.
So, your old man's a golfer, eh?
Sounds like we'd get along.
Hang on for just a second.
Oh, Rinko, would you
like some more tea?
Um, yes, thank you.
(Yuriko giggles)
Have you seen the latest
issue of Enjoy Golf magazine?
(Angry growl)
Your dad is going to love the
story on hybrid drivers...
[SUNA]
Yeah, sure.
My parents are out today,
so you can study here.
I was just doing
some homework myself.
[RINKO]
You ready?
I'll give you a problem.
Shoot!
In what year did World
War II officially begin?
It began in 1939.
That's right! Well done!
Yeah, okay. You might wanna make
the questions a little harder.
Alright, let's see...
I don't understand.
What is this
guy's problem?
Why would he be wandering back
and forth between two women?
That doesn't make any
sense to me! Hmm...
Takeo, the test is not asking
your opinion of the situation.
I get your point.
I think so, too.
You can't split your
feelings between two
people at the same time.
Nuh-uh!
Not you, too...
Takeo, if there
were two Yamatos,
you'd have a hard
time deciding.
And Yamato, if there
were two Takeos,
you'd have a
dilemma too.
[BOTH]
UH!
Ms. Yamato!
Takeo! AH!
Which one is the real you?
I'm the real me!
No, I am!
Which one of you's you?
It's me!
I'm the real Takeo!
Dear God! Quit messing
with my mind!
(Groaning)
I don't even
want to know!
Let's move on,
shall we?
(Takeo moaning)
(SLAM)
Takeo?!
(Snoring)
Oh, he's asleep.
He's never studied this
long in his entire life.
He's completely
shut down.
There's no telling
how long he'll be out.
Takeo...
[SUNA]
We should probably
let him sleep.
I'll go make some tea.
Sure it would be a lot
of fun for us to go to
the same school and all,
but it's not like
we really need it.
We can still be there
for each other in the end,
together forever.
So would you prefer
coffee or green tea?
EEK!
NOOO!
Suna, please, it's not
what it looks like!
No, do your thing.
I didn't see any of it.
Oh God! Please don't
tell him! Please!
I don't want him to think
I do all sorts of weird
things to him in his sleep!
He's gonna think I'm creepy!
Huh?
I'm not gonna tell him.
Uhh! I think
I fell asleep.
AHHH!
Well, look who's up.
[RINKO]
Okay. Keep at it!
The sun's still out,
so I can walk home by myself.
[TAKEO]
Yeah, see you later!
(SLAM)
Suna, you plan on going
to college, too, right?
Yeah, I guess.
You know, I...
I never really thought a
whole lot about my future
or anything like that.
Do you think you'd want to go
to the same college as us?
Why would I?
Well, wouldn't it be fun if
we were all there together?
Takeo...
I won't be compromising
for your sake.
So you're gonna have
to keep on studying.
Uh, yeah...
The purpose of studying...
is to gain the wisdom to avoid
making mistakes in life...
so perhaps you don't
even really need it.
What's that mean?
You don't even need
to understand that.
Huh?
I'm starting to think you
might actually get accepted
into Murasakifuji.
Wait, are you kidding?!
Yeeaaaah! Hoohoohoo!
I may not understand all
this intellectual stuff.
And I really hate studying.
But if that's what it takes
to spend more time with the
ones I like most...
Then I will take
this challenge head-on.
Takeo?
No, don't talk to me!
I feel like everything I learned
is leaking out of my brain!
[SUNA] Heads up.
(GONG) AGH!
Oh man! You see that?
I just lost like,
ten things right there!
What am I gonna do?!
[RINKO] Takeo?
Ms. Yamato!
Now, just calm down.
Huh?!
Do you have a pencil?!
Yes!
What about an eraser?!
Mm-hmm! Then you can do it!
Be strong!
Okay! Thank you!
[PROCTOR]
You may open your
booklets and begin!
HWAAAH!
(PEW)
Oh, I remember this one...
This'll be on there.
Ms. Yamato helped me
with this one...
I made some
flashcards for you!
All right, not so bad.
I think I got this section!
Eat that, World History!
Yeah! Come on!
(GASP)
NOOO!
All my answers are off by one!
[RINKO]
...and that made all of the rest
of my answers off by one spot.
Where?! Where did I screw up?!
Where did everything
start getting shifted?!
I won't let this defeat me!
I'll fix it!
I'll keep working
until the very last second!
(Heartbeat)
(Heaving breaths)
[RINKO]
Oh God, Takeo!
What's wrong with you?
His answers were all
off by one question.
HUH?!
I tried to go back
and fix it, but I didn't
get back to the end.
After all the work they put
into helping me study...
After all the encouragement
they gave me...
I'm really sorry...
sorry, you guys!
[SUNA]
It's a good thing this
wasn't the actual test.
[RINKO]
That's right. This is only
the first round, okay?
First round...
[TAKEO]
I'm gonna get another chance!
Right! You can't
beat me that easy!
I can take whatever you
throw at me, understand?!
There ya go.
Yeah, that's the spirit!
(Boys roughhousing)
So does this mean my
grade here was an X?
I think it's just
marking "intermediate."
It means you're gonna have
to do better next time.
HMM?!
Impossible...
I guess I should
tell Ms. Yamato.
[RINKO]
That's okay...
I mean Murasakifuji wasn't
really a possibility anyway,
right?
Mm-hmm...
And well, it looks pretty
impossible for me, too.
You know, Hakuto
looks pretty good.
And if we work really hard,
I bet we can both
get accepted there.
Think about it. It can
get us what we both want.
We just have to do
the best we can.
You'd give up
on Murasakifuji?
Huh? Oh, yeah,
I'm fine with that.
And I'm not so sure it would be
the right place for me anyway.
I've had enough of
an all-girls school.
Uhh...
(Echoing)
An all girl's school...
Yeah, I think they might notice
if you tried to fake it.
You might stand out
a little bit.
(Suna chuckling)
Oh, huh?
[TAKEO]
Suna?! You are so dead! How
could you do this to me?!
Huh?! Takeo!
(Suna laughs)
(Takeo screams)
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
Today, It's On Me.